-Myra State Religion-

#### Genesis
Given that any historian that could reasonably document the history of my reign would have been absorbed or killed, the collective memory of myra is up to my disposal.

As such, the history shall be written such that some malevolent force, possibly Ra or the 8 palm, will be blamed for the current situation of the city, and every member will be given a memory of their sect of the city being attacked by those forces.

Once blamed, it will be written that it was my benevolent influence that drove out the evil, and their memory will reflect this, with their sect of the city being overturned by my forces of plague.

My godly image will be forged as a being of motherhood and machines, such that i take care of the people and let their technical knowledge flourish. 

Then a bible of sorts will be written of the event, detailing my teachings and words of devotion, enough that a person could spend their whole life practicing various rituals and such in devotion to me without ever getting bored of the book.

Once the worms are removed, and the people are brought back to their glory, my "Nest" will be moved to the centre of Myra, and in a grand speech, in which i will announce my victory against the 8 palm and my new office in the city, before appointing a previously chosen most devout and intelligent person in the city to lead the cult as arch-bishop.

The battery will be moved to the new next location to be hidden away from the people, nobody until otherwise stated knows that the battery exists anymore, as far as the people concerned its actions are simply an extension of me answering their divine prayers and such.

The people will then be offered a place in this religion, with contracts that outline full work opportunities etc etc, the people will be inclined to stay and work because the work is guaranteed and the benefits are good (use of the battery through prayer etc).

For most people, they will be devoted to me and wish to stay, because of my divine importance, because i helped them out in a cataclysmic way, and because my policies seem benevolent and useful, (something not afforded in any real life religion but they seem to do just fine) and maybe once their memories of their families return they might want to move them here, however there will still be some people that wish to not do that. As such i will be offering to completely relocate and help those people move.

After like a month of temporary work the people can be granted divine use of the battery to move out with no cost.

#### Structure
The only people who can contact me are my bishops: 
- The most important bishop, the Arch-bishop, is the head of religion and public relations, below him are several priests, and below them, clergyman, they handle the 3 minor and 1 major church across the continent, and speak clarify and refine my word and my vision to fit and mould best to the will of the people. This means i have a team of people working round the clock to make my religion intrinsically appealing and making me look good so that the people in my city actually want to worship me. This bishop will vote on leadership internally, and each candidate must handle speaking to me directly in an excited and devoted manner lest i veto their nomination, this is performed by the current bishop who determines the "worthiness" of each candidate (i might also do it via magic item or hijacked ritual, the point being that they dont get pissy at me and overthrow me when they arent considered worthy or smn).
- Novrk'os will be kindly asked to be appointed Bishop of industry, and will be compensated handsomely in a commision for revenue he generates. If he accpets he will lead the team of tech priest artificers, who are granted high social status and a special kind of clothing they are allowed to wear to indicate their status. The head team of maybe 10 people and their leader are the only people allowed direct knowledge about the battery, everyone below them is given some religious reason to the existence of the infrastructure around the battery, and if direct input is required, their memories will be altered with a field inside the batteries room so that information does not leak out. If Novrk'os does not accept one of the team's artificers will be elevated by majority vote within the team. This bishop will handle their own people internally.
- Bishop of knowledge, will handle both the dust prince archivists, our several libraries and musuems, and also run a seperate team of advisors to assist me and the archbishop with politcal decisions, granted by their position is a higher relative wealth distribution (battery dividend) and a direct line to me, speaking religiously, the bishop acts as a translator to the team and assigns them all tasks, mechanically this avoids me saying some dumb shit to the advisory board and having to deal with a revolution, because the bishop will be like "dude what the fuck im not saying that to the team please reword xoxo" or will just translate "i need more battery you lazy fucks need to work harder" to "our goddess is declaring a national emergency, and needs your divine prayer in her conquest immediately". this bishop will handle appointing its cabinet, and its position is determined by that cabinet, who can at any point vote them out of their position.
- And lastly, the Bishop of the city. A team will be hand picked from the original administrative branch of altus-maccor, lead by their previous leader as bishop to keep the city running smoothly, communcating between bishops, handling laws, reuglations, trade, inner-city events and politics, buildings, welfare, etc. this is also another factor as to why the people would wanna stay, because to them im returning them to the status quo stronger and with more stuff. The people are given full democratic votes over this bishop and its cabinet in bi-annual elections. This branch also gives democratic control over the things that happen in myra, like earlier mentioned things like festivals and events, certain tax law and regulations etc, meaning the people are kept happy as the government branches towards the future.

Given the above information, nobody who wont take the most charitable account of my words and have faith and patience with me will ever hear my direct input, and my city will run rather efficiently given simple goals to head towards. This means when i speak to my head advisor they wont be a hardass but will still pull me up on my bullshit, and make my words sound better to the people.
#### The city
- The nest is obviously being moved to that back area, in which it occupies the one major church, hiding the battery in possibly starmetal if i may or just an anti-divination zone behind the church. This area contains the workshops of the Bishop of industry, The inner sanctum of the advisory board, and the upper priestly quarters (in which the most loyal sleep and work).
- The nest is then in then in the new capital city of "Korpse" in which all the major courts, administrative buildings, libraries and museums are, the residences that exist here are expensive and the architecture reflects it, as only those working prissy office jobs like judges, lawyers, accountants, and artificers, have enough influence or functional need to live in the capital.
- In front of the nest is large open area that the Archbishop uses to address the people where they can crowd in and listen to their speeches.
- Throughout Korpse are the two main universities those being the general university for 1-12 years and then some forms of spellcasting and other forms of labour nessecary in a city, plus all the administrative jobs that im requiring people do like accounting and laywering, then the artificier university, which will be built to be the best in the world, and will be ran by one of the tech priests, who will dedicate most of their time to teaching, and contribute to the team by possibly elevating students and using their emerging technologies. Kind of like how the layman knows notihng about electricity but that it turns your light on, artificers will be the only to know that my "goldy powers" are expressed through weave that is stored in the heavens and then delivered to myra in usable packets of energy, this is so they can still make tech for it without directly knowing about the battery, if need be they will sign the equivelant of a non-disclosure agreement though when times are tough

- Eastern myra or "Flecken" will be occupied by those of the dust prince, their minor church will be dedicated to their god, and the minor clergyman in the area's jobs will be to maintain religious alliance with those people and possibly assist in their rituals.
- Those of the dust prince will be granted their religious freedom, along with a special allowance as a sect of a religion kept "under my wing" if possible their memory of the battery will also be removed, and they will have free housing, food, and entertainment as long as they continue to contribute to turn the battery but they posses no more knowledge than the people of myra do so as to not leak out information about the battery or the past and similar stuff, if their memories cannot be wiped they will instead be sworn by punishment of death to not spread this information to anybody.

- Northern Myra, Upper Myra, Now "Tritus" (pronounced -> trite-us), stands as the veritable economic hub, where the most labour and work are performed, this is where all the resources are housed and trade comes in, this is where the ports are, and beside Korpse is the richest area in the state, with architecture to reflect it, the people that live here are those that contribute the most and as such receive the most, most of which will be labourers but some of which will be the lower end of the administrative sector like interns or contractors.
- Tritus also has a variety of specialist industries like carpenters, masons, and a few electronics factories for making minor magical connectors to allow things in the city to be controlled by the battery such as doors, elevators, sending stones (to produce through all of them at once), water dispensers and other basic stuff. Tritus is special in that the people working here contribute something the battery cannot and as such are given greater battery allowance despite not turning the battery. Nearly no battery chargers are in Tritus
- The minor church here is mainly for maintaining loyalty as the people here work very privileged lives
- Tritus is also where the army trains, a mix of fighters and spellcasters, they cant be turning the wheel because they're training to fight in wars n shit.

- Western Myra, Lower Myra, Now "Bulkor" (pronounced -> bul-core), Compared to Tritus there are no special industries and instead it is majority hard labour, the eastern end of Bulkor houses low level labourers, people that provide well and contribute plenty and are the economic backbone of the city, they are compensated fairly and kept very happy, this is a key.
- The far west end of Bulkor is for prison labour, the vast majority of punishments in myra result in a kicking down the hierarchy to work in prison labour for an amount of years. certain super high level officials could even commit very severe crimes but not have to do labour for very long because of how much status they might lose for it.
- "Prison Labour" is defined as the section of Bulkor where none of the workers get direct access to the battery, the workers place enough battery into a pool to where it most efficiently as possible produces them sustenance and rest, otherwise their battery contribution is put towards reducing their sentence. Some especially lazy prisoners might never leave this part of Bulkor for their low input into the battery barely going above the requirement to eat and rest.
- The minor church in this area is acessible to both normal citizens and the prison labourers, given the main labourers a unique connection to their convicts. The church is mainly used to mitigate the use of the death capacitor on prison labourers, convincing them that redemption is a worthy path, and treating them to luxuries for good behaviour during religious ceremonies. 


#### Logistics
- The use of the death capacitor will be largely toned down, however, the Myran police are authorised to use it to capture or even kill especially dangerous convicts that have been marked by a court as such.
- Its being toned down as well because now their is a societal religion in place and people are largely loyal to me, and the benefits i provide, and me as a concept, and having their proper say in society will mean that mostly dissent is quelled naturally.
- if a particularly large force of dissent is detected such as invading forces or someone charmed to extreme evils, the capacitor will kill them with green lightning instead of blue lightning, indicating it was an act of god.
- From now on when the death capacitor is used it will char the reason for death into the ground where they were turned to dust for 3 days, giving bystanders and victims the ability to gain closure immediately and time to move across cities to find out why

- Freedom of religion does exist, however most things in the state require a religious connection to use, meaning those who have a different religion will work directly for the use of those things in bulkor, and receive and id from which their pay is calculated and deducted for free food dispensaries water dispensaries entertainment areas and rent.
- Given that the artisans and workers in Tritus are "divinely picked" there are no other ways to be a different religion in the city unless you are one of the dust prince, and even then there are costs to being in that religion that exclude you from normal citizenship.

- Most non-battery labour that is low-no skill is performed by rats, as the point of Tritus is the promotion of Artisany, and wasting valuable full workers on dock handling and package processing is not viable

- Apart from direct services which are automatically afforded such as the areas that produce food water, the cost of your house and entertainment, the bible being produced will have a large section with elaborate prayers and sayings that allow the citizen to expend their excess battery budget, that they can determine by asking a priest who will appear to consult their soul, goodness and overall contribution when really they are consulting labour records. 
- Excess battery budget can be expended to perform everyday tasks like cleaning cooking, performing cantrips, etc. And all is presented through the guise of religious practices.
- These rituals also produce symbols in the air and an effect on the soul that makes them appear like real magical rituals.
- Not being able to produce these effects outside the city is explained as when your excess battery is determined, one of the factors the priest "considers" is closeness to the queen and her city, such that too much distance and you are beyond her light smn smn.

- The magical control points in my city are mostly used to prevent attacks and divination, i will attempt to be one of the first people to develop magical control points as well to take advantage of this technology. everything must be used to keep up the mystery and hold my religion.
- Spells like commune and augury can also be used to contact me within the city, however it will require an exorbidant excess battery cost and not be attainable by normal means.

- The lower tech priests or graduates of the grand university mechanus, are again granted a special garb that determines their rank and contribution and are granted unparralleled use of the battery, and even get discounts on spells and such.
- Each member of the tech priests however must wear a purple circlet similar to that of my own tiara, that can be used to either erase their memories of specific things for safety or kill them entirely if they know too much and it becomes a problem.

- To be clear, all housing is free, and the movement of people is handled by a committee that most efficiently manages people to be where living in a space is the most effective.
- As well as this, to an extent both food and water are free, with the exception of luxury foods and drink which are produced by the artisans in Tritus and granted for excess battery.

- To keep them happy, all the tech priests are credited Publicly for their inventions, except in the case of the battery, where their contribution is etched into a stone wall inside the battery room where only the other technicians are able to acknowledge it.

- The priests play a similar role in this society as do priests in the real world do, they are consulted on scripture, general advice, society, just as a friend etc, and are a trusted class, their status is earned and somewhat higher than the tech priests as their status is guaranteed (although individual inventors might go above this through rigour). As a result the people in Tritus are very grateful for being picked to do specialist work (especially because of the benefits), and the people in Bulkor are able to organise petitions and events and presentations to the priest union representative in the area who will be authorised to make adjustments to their situation.

- My mech form is going to be a religious event of some sorts, a day off where everyone stays inside and prays, this will mechanically help me with the fight, but also prevent anybody from dying in that event or figuring out all the battery shenanigans.

- In terms of architecture, the development and wealth of the city gets more built up and expensive the closer you get to the major church. 
- All peoples are allowed sick days and days in which they take off to speak to the priest or take pilgrimage to the major church for more serious matters, especially if the archbishop is addressing the people, as they are required to attend.

- Im going to try and change the name of the continent to myra, if not ill just stick with the entire state being called myra with its counties.